cli -APPLY_TRANS -INVERSE (#1920)
CloudCompare/CloudCompare: CHANGELOG.md

		- New sub-option for the -C2M_DIST command: -UNSIGNED, to compute unsigned distances
		- New sub-option for the -SF_ARITHMETIC command: -IN_PLACE, to update the scalar field in place, without creating a new SF
		- Most methods using scalar fields as input will now also accept the scalar field name (in lieu of the SF index)

> 		- New sub-option for -APPLY_TRANS command: -INVERSE to inverse the transofrmation matrix before apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		- New sub-option for -APPLY_TRANS command: -INVERSE to inverse the transformation matrix before it is applied.
```
